Backport jetpack 15.0-a.7 Changes (#44940)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/packages/image-cdn/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.7.18] - 2025-08-25
### Fixed

> - Gracefully handle an attempt to filter null. [#44874]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevent an error when an attempting to filter null. [#44874]
```

> - Prevent an error when an attempting to filter null. [#44874]

Reviewer: Oops, a typo in my correction.

```suggestion
- Prevent an error when attempting to filter null. [#44874]
```

Author: Ah! Haven't seen that

Reviewer: It was my fault for introducing the typo. 😄
